CLOUD-440 patch openshift installation instructions with cert-manager… (#283)
percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: source/openshift.rst

   .. note:: Setting Custom Resource Definition requires your user to
      have cluster-admin role privileges.

   If you want to manage your PXC cluster with a non-privileged user, necessary
   permissions can be granted by applying the next clusterrole:

   .. code:: bash

      $ oc create clusterrole pxc-admin --verb="*" --resource=perconaxtradbclusters.pxc.percona.com,perconaxtradbclusters.pxc.percona.com/status,perconaxtradbclusterbackups.pxc.percona.com,perconaxtradbclusterbackups.pxc.percona.com/status,perconaxtradbclusterrestores.pxc.percona.com,perconaxtradbclusterrestores.pxc.percona.com/status
      $ oc adm policy add-cluster-role-to-user pxc-admin <some-user>

>    If you have a `cert-manager <https://docs.cert-manager.io/en/release-0.8/getting-started/install/openshift.html>`_ installed, then you have to execute two more commands to be able to manage your PXC cluster with a non-privileged user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you have a `cert-manager <https://docs.cert-manager.io/en/release-0.8/getting-started/install/openshift.html>`_ installed, then you have to execute two more commands to be able to manage certificates with a non-privileged user:
```
